[q-implant] q-implant README update (#11638)
Samsung/ONE: compiler/q-implant/README.md

# q-implant

_q-implant_ implants quantization parameters and weights 
(given as .json and .npy files) to a circle model.

## Format of input files (`.json` and `.npy`)

> The main input file is a `.json` file, which is a dictionary.
> 
> The dictionary's key is a tensor name, and its value is quantization parameters
> and values(if exists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main input file is a `.json` file, which is a dictionary.
The dictionary's key is a tensor name, and its value is quantization parameters
and values(if exists).
```

> The `.npy` file is a NumPy file that is generated through the `numpy.save` function. 

Reviewer: .npy can be generated with numpy.save or other functions. So I slightly rephrased the sentence.

```suggestion
The `.npy` file is a NumPy file that can be generated with `numpy.save` function. 
```

When filling the value of `quantization parameters` or `values`
(acting like a key inside `<tensor_name>`) in the param.json, 

> the `.npy` file must be saved.

Reviewer: The content of the json file is as below.

> When filling the value of `quantization parameters` or `values`
> (acting like a key inside `<tensor_name>`) in the param.json, 
> the `.npy` file must be saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of the json file is as below.
```

```
{
  <tensor_name>: {
    "dtype": <dtype>,
    "scale": <path/to/scale_npy>,
    "zerop": <path/to/zerop_npy>,
    "quantized_dimension": <dim>,
    "value": <path/to/value_npy>
  },
  ...
}
```
`<tensor_name>`: String (target tensor name)

`<dtype>`: String (data type of the target tensor. ex: "uint8" or "int16")

`<path/to/scale_npy>`: String (path to the .npy file that contains scale. 
The npy file has to be 1d array of fp32.)

`<path/to/zerop_npy>`: String (path to the .npy file that contains zerop. 
The npy file has to be 1d array of int64.)

`<dim>`: Integer (quantized dimension)

`<path/to/value_npy>`: String (path to the .npy file that contains zerop. 
The npy file should have the same shape/dtype with the target tensor.)

NOTE "value" is an optional attribute. It is only necessary for weights.

NOTE `.npy` files have to be placed in the same directory with `qparam.json`.

## Example

```sh
q-implant input.circle qparam.json output.circle
```

> `qparam.json` and `*.npy` files must exist in the same directory.

Reviewer: Please remove these lines.

For example, there are four operands in Conv2D_000.circle: 
`ifm`, `ker`, `bias`, and `ofm`.

> In this regard, `qparam.json` and `*.npy` can be defined as follows.

Author: Thank you for your sincere review!

> _q-implant_ writes quantization parameters and weights (given as .json and .npy files) to a circle model.

Reviewer 2: (maybe in another PR)

from https://github.com/Samsung/ONE/pull/11579#discussion_r1338074701

how about using `implant` or `embed` instead of `write` ?

Author: I thought the expression "write" was good in terms of overwriting, 
but I think the expression "implant" you suggested is better. 
I'll fix it.
Thank you!

> Therefore, before proceeding with q-implant, you should define `qparam.json` and `\*.npy` files so that they can be applied to the same operand as the circle you want to apply.

Reviewer 2: plz split this line so that doesn't exceed 100 cols.

> Therefore, before proceeding with q-implant, you should define `qparam.json` and `\*.npy` files so that they can be applied to the same operand as the circle you want to apply.

Reviewer 2: 1. Please add format (or content) of this `qparam.json` so that anyone can provide this.
2. Just `.npy` is not specific. It would be better to describe how to provide this file, required condition of this file, relation with the target circle model.

> Therefore, before proceeding with q-implant, you should define `qparam.json` and `\*.npy` files so that they can be applied to the same operand as the circle you want to apply.

Reviewer 2: what is `\` in `*.npy`?

Author: It is a mistake that occurred during the local editing process. 
I'll be careful not to make a mistake.

> Therefore, before proceeding with q-implant, you should define `qparam.json` and `\*.npy` files so that they can be applied to the same operand as the circle you want to apply.

Reviewer: Please remove the sentence and add the below content

```suggestion
```

---

## Format of input files (`.json` and `.npy`)

The main input file is a `.json` file, which is a dictionary whose key is a tensor name and value is quantization parameters and values (if exists).

```
{
  <tensor_name>: {
    "dtype": <dtype>,
    "scale": <path/to/scale_npy>,
    "zerop": <path/to/zerop_npy>,
    "quantized_dimension": <dim>,
    "value": <path/to/value_npy>
  },
  ...
}
```

`<tensor_name>`: String (target tensor name)
`<dtype>`: String (data type of the target tensor. ex: "uint8" or "int16")
`<path/to/scale_npy>`: String (path to the .npy file that contains scale. The npy file has to be 1d array of fp32.)
`<path/to/zerop_npy>`: String (path to the .npy file that contains zerop. The npy file has to be 1d array of int64.)
`<dim>`: Integer (quantized dimension)
`<path/to/value_npy>`: String (path to the .npy file that contains zerop. The npy file should have the same shape/dtype with the target tensor.)

NOTE "value" is an optional attribute. It is only necessary for weights.
NOTE `.npy` files have to be placed in the same directory with `qparam.json`.

Reviewer 2: would be good to add something like: `.npy is numpy saved blabla ... file ...`

_q-implant_ writes quantization parameters and weights (given as .json and .npy files) to a circle model.

## Format of input files (`.json` and `.npy`)

> The main input file is a `.json` file, which is a dictionary whose key is a tensor name and value is quantization parameters and values (if exists).

Reviewer 2: plz split lines to be within 100 or 80 cols.

Author: > plz split lines to be within 100 or 80 cols.

I split the line.
But the second sentence(line 9) is 102 letters, but I think it would be weird to divide it more.
So I'll leave it as it is.

_q-implant_ writes quantization parameters and weights (given as .json and .npy files) to a circle model.

## Format of input files (`.json` and `.npy`)

> The main input file is a `.json` file, which is a dictionary.
> 
> The dictionary's key is a tensor name, and its value is quantization parameters and values(if exists).

Reviewer 2: limit in 80/100 cols is for better editing. long horizontal text needs horizontal scrolling which is a pain in editing. I didn't say to change the text. just split the text.

this suggestion is something what I wanted.
```suggestion
The main input file is a `.json` file, which is a dictionary whose key is a tensor name
and value is quantization parameters and values (if exists).
```

Reviewer 2: and plz split like this for all other lines.
